Metadata-Version: 2.4
Name: teslapython
Version: 0.1.19
Author: TeslaPython Software Foundation
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Dynamic: author
Dynamic: description
Dynamic: description-content-type

Enter your choice:
-----------------

Process variable (PV) to 4-20 mA conversion:

    Where,
    X is Process Variable
    LRV is Lower Range Value
    URV is Upper Range Value

4-20 mA to Process variable (PV) conversion:

    Where,
    Y is 4 -20 mA signal
    LRV is Lower Range Value
    URV is Upper Range Value

Difference between PNP and NPN sensors

Safety Integrity Level (SIL) calculations

What is an Active Barrier?

Zener Diode Barrier Principle

RTD, Thermocouple and Thermistor

Labelling of explosion proof equipment

    ATEX, derived from the French term "ATmosphères EXplosibles," refers to two European Union directives focused on controlling explosive atmospheres. These directives, 2014/34/EU (formerly 94/9/EC) and 1999/92/EC, aim to protect workers and ensure the safety of equipment used in potentially explosive environments. 

    Directive 2014/34/EU:
    This directive, often called the "equipment" directive, focuses on the equipment and protective systems intended for use in potentially explosive atmospheres. It outlines essential health and safety requirements and conformity assessment procedures that manufacturers must follow before placing products on the EU market. 

    Directive 1999/92/EC (ATEX 137):
    This directive, often called the "workplace" directive, focuses on the minimum requirements for improving the health and safety protection of workers potentially at risk from explosive atmospheres. It places responsibilities on employers to assess risks, prevent and protect against explosions, and ensure safe work practices. 

    IECEx: International Electrotechnical Commission Explosive atmospheres

    CE stands for "Conformité Européenne," which is French for "European Conformity". 

    PTB certification refers to the conformity assessment services provided by the Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt (PTB), Germany's national metrology institute. PTB offers certification services for products, quality systems, and software, ensuring they meet specific standards and requirements. These certifications are often crucial for legal metrology and for demonstrating compliance with European directives. 

    CENELEC, the European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardization, is an association that brings together the National Electrotechnical Committees of 34 European countries. 
    For example, European Standard:
    While it is based on the international standard IEC 60529, EN 60529 is published by the European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardization (CENELEC). 

ANSI codes

   American National Standards Institute
